more detail in the C++ tracing error tagging section (#15451)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/trace_collection/custom_instrumentation/cpp.md

### Set errors on a span

To associate a span with an error, set one or more error-related tags on the

> span. For example,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
span. For example:
```

```cpp
span->SetTag(opentracing::ext::error, true);
```

> Or, equivalently,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Or, alternatively:
```

```cpp
span->SetTag("error", true);
```

Add more specific information about the error by setting any combination of the

> "error.msg", "error.stack", or "error.type" tags. See [Error Tracking][12] for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`error.msg`, `error.stack`, or `error.type` tags. See [Error Tracking][12] for
```

more information about error tags.

> For example,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An example of adding a combination of error tags:
```

```cpp
// Associate this span with the "bad file descriptor" error from the standard
// library.
span->SetTag("error.msg", "[EBADF] invalid file");
span->SetTag("error.type", "errno");
```

> Setting any of "error.msg", "error.stack", or "error.type" has the effect of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adding any of the "error.msg", "error.stack", or "error.type" tags sets
```

Author: Perhaps these should be in back-tics as well.

Reviewer: Ah, yes, good catch. I changed them to backticks.

> setting "error" to a true value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`error` to the value `true`.
```

> To unset an error on a span, set the "error" tag to a false value. This also has

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To unset an error on a span, set the `error` tag to the value `false`. This is the same as
```

Author: The wording "`X` is the same as `Y`" makes me think that doing `X` is equivalent to having done `Y`. In this case, a user can't "[remove] any previously set [...]" because tags cannot be removed.

What other wording can we use?

Reviewer: Thanks for the info. Would it make sense to say:
"To unset an error on a span, set the `error` tag to the value `false, which removes any previously set `error.msg`, `error.stack`, or `error.type` tags."

> the effect of removing any previously set "error.msg", "error.stack", or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
removing any previously set `error.msg`, `error.stack`, or
```

Reviewer: Should it say "removing all previously set..." instead of "any"?

Author: Yes, "all" is more accurate.

> "error.type" tags.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`error.type` tags.
```

[9]: https://github.com/opentracing/opentracing-cpp/blob/master/include/opentracing/propagation.h
[10]: https://github.com/openzipkin/b3-propagation
[11]: /tracing/security

> [12]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/tracing/error_tracking/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[12]: /tracing/error_tracking/
```
